feat: add support for defining a custom srcset width tolerance (#109)
imgix/imgix-core-js: README.md

For more information to better understand `srcset`, we highly recommend [Eric Portis' "Srcset and sizes" article](https://ericportis.com/posts/2014/srcset-sizes/) which goes into depth about the subject.

### Width Tolerance

> The `srcset` width tolerance dictates the maximum tolerated size difference between an image's downloaded size and its rendered size. For example: setting this value to 0.1 means that an image will not render more than 10% larger or smaller than its native size. In practice, the image URLs generated for a width-based srcset attribute will grow by twice this rate. A lower tolerance means images will render closer to their native size (thereby reducing rendering artifacts), but a large srcset list will be generated and consequently users may experience lower rates of cache-hit for pre-rendered images on your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `srcset` width tolerance dictates the maximum tolerated size difference between an image's downloaded size and its rendered size. For example: setting this value to 0.1 means that an image will not render more than 10% larger or smaller than its native size. In practice, the image URLs generated for a width-based srcset attribute will grow by twice this rate. A lower tolerance means images will render closer to their native size (thereby increasing perceived image quality), but a large srcset list will be generated and consequently users may experience lower rates of cache-hit for pre-rendered images on your site.
```

By default this rate is set to 8 percent, which we consider to be the ideal rate for maximizing cache hits without sacrificing visual quality. Users can specify their own width tolerance by providing a positive scalar value as `widthTolerance` to the third options object:

```js
var client = new ImgixClient({
  domain:'testing.imgix.net',
  includeLibraryParam: false
  })

> var srcset = client.buildSrcSet('image.jpg', {}, {widthTolerance: .20})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var srcset = client.buildSrcSet('image.jpg', {}, {widthTolerance: 0.20})
```
